---
layout: post
title:  "Concept"
date:   2018-01-01 00:00:03 -0500
categories: documentation introduction
published: true
---

Let us begin with some simple concepts:

> Book is a collection of nicely formatted pages.

#### Basic HTML:

There isn't a `<page>` tag in HTML standard as of today so we'll consider `iframe` as an equivalent single unit of a page. Since book is a collection of pages, the following HTML describes the basic structure of a book well:

{% highlight html %}

<div id = "book">
    <iframe srcdoc="page"> render of page-1 subresource </iframe>
    <iframe srcdoc="page"> render of page-2 subresource </iframe>
    <iframe srcdoc="page"> render of page-3 subresource </iframe>
    …
    …
    <iframe srcdoc="page"> iframe of Page-2N here…</iframe>
</div>

{% endhighlight %}

There isn't a `<book>` tag on HTML standard either (like a `video` tag) we use a `div#book` to encapsulate the pages in a ordered list. The *order* is important and in a way represents the flow and direction of a story. The HTML structure above is quite close to an [actual book](https://bubblin.io/book/official-handbook-by-marvin-danig/1) on production.

To add new posts, simply add a file in the `_posts` directory that follows the convention `YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext` and includes the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:


Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
