---
layout: post
title:  "Set up"
date:   2018-01-01 00:00:01 -0500
categories: documentation introduction
published: true
---

## Account.

First thing you need to be able to publish is a Bubblin account. Go [sign up](https://bubblin.io/users/new) now if you haven't already.

#### Quick Editor (web)

Let your book reach everyone, not just those behind iOS or Kindle. Good thing about using Bubblin and Bookiza is that your story will be available to people on those devices too.

#### A Simple Static Book.

Let us begin with the a simple example. It is fine if you do not understand everything right now, we will go into more detail later.

You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

To add new posts, simply add a file in the `_posts` directory that follows the convention `YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext` and includes the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
